NMS-14629: Add alt text to Deployment docs (#5633)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/deployment/pages/time-series-storage/newts/cassandra-jmx.adoc

TIP: Alerts: pending > 15 || blocked > 0

=== MiscStage

During this stage, snapshots are taken and data is replicated after a node is removed.

TIP: Alerts: pending > 15 || blocked > 0

=== Mutation stage

During this stage, local inserts and deletions are performed.
This includes the following processes:

* Inserts and updates.
* Schema merges.
* Commit log replays.
* Hints in progress.

An increase in pending tasks during this stage can be caused by disk issues, system overload, or poor configuration.
If messages are backed up in this stage, you can add nodes, update your hardware and configuration settings, or update the data model and use case settings.

TIP: Alerts: pending > 15 || blocked > 0

=== Read stage

Local reads are performed during this stage.
Data is also deserialized from the row cache.

Pending values can cause increased read latency.
The number of pending values can spike because of disk problems, poor configuration, or cluster overload.
In many cases (not including disk failure), you can resolve this by adding nodes or updating the configuration settings.

TIP: Alerts: pending > 15 || blocked > 0

=== Request response stage

> When a response to a request is received, this stage is used to perform any callbacks that were created with the original request.

Author: ```suggestion
When a response to a request is received, this stage performs any callbacks that were created with the original request.
```
